>> Brian Holt: We're gonna start
working on some tooling stuff now,
because tooling's fun.
So the first one I'm gonna
do is here in the terminal,
I'm just gonna use npm to
do my global installs.
I think there's yarn add global,
I just have historically have had problems
with it so far but npm works just fine.
So I'm gonna do npm
install --global standard.
And that's going to install
our linting tool for us.
I already have it, so I'm not gonna do it.
So let's talk about what standard is,
and why everyone gets so mad at me for
using it, and why I just love it.
So, for those of you that may
have written in Go before, or
have looked at Go, there's just
a phenomenal tool called Go Format.
And it's one of my favorite
parts about the Go community,
not that I write a ton of Go.
But, when you go into a Go Project,
there's just zero discussion about
code style or linting rules or
anything like that because there
is just one set of rules called.
And it's Go Format and
everyone writes those rules and
it's just universal accepted,
everyone writes Go Format.
>> Brian Holt: A lot of us from
other communities like JavaScript,
where we just bike shed the hell out
of every stupid little linting rule.
Kind of look on it jealousy as like, these
people have nothing to bike shed about
because there is always
the same set of rules.
So, a really really smart guy,
his GitHub handle is Ferris, and
I forgot what his real name is.
>> Brian Holt: He's like,
I want this for us.
So he created this
library called Standard.
Which, in reality, is just ES Lint
with a standard set of rules.
But the cool thing about Standard
is it's not configurable.
There's zero configuration, so
there's just never ending argument.
If there's Standard on a project,
you can't bike shed about it,
because you can't configure it, right.
It's just always the same set of rules.
So people were actually super on board
with this when he kind of announced it,
this is the same guy
that wrote WebTorrent,
and some other really big libraries.
So he's a super smart guy, but it actually
prohibits you from using semicolons.
>> Brian Holt: Which really rubs a lot of
people the wrong way because people in
JavaScript just love their semicolons.
But he outlawed them using Standard.
And so I think that's probably a big
reason why it hasn't been as adopted.
But I like it,
a bunch of projects still do use it.
It's okay,
you do not have to use semicolons.
If you insist on using semicolons,
there is a project called semistandard.
[LAUGH] Which is the same set of rules,
except it enforces that
you must have semicolons.
So, if I run standard right now on
my particular project, it's already
pre-configured to just find a bunch of,
>> Brian Holt: A bunch of same defaults.
Like it won't check your node
modules directory, right,
cuz you don't wanna link
to other people's code.
That doesn't make any sense.
It'll automatically ignore bundles,
and builds, and
a bunch of stuff like that just out
of the box, which is pretty cool.
Okay, so if I run Standard again.
>> Brian Holt: I have
a bunch of things and
it's mostly saying that
React is not defined, right?
That makes sense because we're pulling
in React globally cuz we're including
a global build, right?
So it's not going to be defined.
So we have to somehow inform Standard,
in reality,
ES Lint, that that's okay,
we expect that to happen.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna come over to clientapp.js and
we're gonna just put a little bit of
pragma at the top that says what is it?
I've gotta remember,
global React and reactDOM.
>> Brian Holt: So, it's just that
first line up there at the top.
This is just letting ESLint know, hey,
these are global variables I expect
them to be quote unquote undefined.
>> Brian Holt: So now if I come
back over here and I run Standard.
>> Brian Holt: It's going to say,
hey, you need a new line at
the end of your page, right?
Which is a pretty common thing.
So I just go down here to the bottom.
And actually, I'll even show you this.
So it's saying, hey, you need a new
line at the end of your file.
Standard can actually automatically
fix a bunch of these linting errors.
So if I run standard --fix.
>> Brian Holt: Now if I go over here now
there is a new line, it automatically put
it there by itself, and now if I run
standard again, no linting errors.
Which is pretty cool.
Standard cannot fix all of your errors
obviously there are some that it
would not know how to fix.
But some of these things like you must
have a new line at the end of the file,
it knows how to fix those,
you can just run fix and it works.
Pretty cool right?
>> Speaker 2: Do you
recommend standard fix?
>> Brian Holt: I think now it used to
give me kind of derpy indentations.
>> Brian Holt: I haven't seen that for
awhile, so sure.
Give it a shot and if it blows up
everything, it's not my fault.
>> Brian Holt: Like I said, a lot of stuff
It just doesn't know how to fix, right?
>> Brian Holt: But yeah, like I said,
standard is just wrapped ESLint, so
underneath the hood it's using ESLint
with a preset of configurations.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah,
the real hero here is ESLint.
Great project.
Okay, so any questions before I move on?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question from Enli
how does Pragma work is it different from
use strict?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: When I say pragma,
I really just mean a comment at the top.
That's a really stupid term for that.
So,
>> Brian Holt: What I mean is that there's
just a special comment at the top
of the page that lets ESLint know,
ignore these particular errors.
And there's a bunch of different
ones that you can use, and
they're all in the ESS documentation
if you want to look them up.
>> Brian Holt: The one I end up
using more than anything, though,
is just the global ones
if I have any globals.